README.md, before:

# Easy Redmine credentials and node for n8n

This repo contains n8n node for communication with Easy Redmine.

## How to install

### ⚙️ Requirements

To use our community node, you need to have the following requirements:

- n8n 1.54.4 or newer

### 🛠️ Installation in n8n

Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/installation/) to install the Easy Redmine node in n8n.

### 🔑 Setup credentials

You need to set up credentials for the Easy Redmine node.
You can do this by going to the credentials section in n8n and adding a new credential of type "Easy Redmine".

In the newly created credential, you need to fill in domain, and user api key.

The domain should be, for example, `https://instance.easyproject.com`.

To find the API key, go to your Easy Redmine instance, click on your profile in the top right corner.

![Go to profile](images/cred-guide-1.png)


Your profile window will open. Click on the "Edit" button.

![Profile window](images/cred-guide-2.png)

Your profile edit page will open. Scroll down to the Preferences section. Here just copy the API access key.

![Preferences section with API key](images/cred-guide-3.png)

Now, your credentials are ready to use.

## Easy Redmine node

The custom node is created to handle all aspects of Easy Redmine integration with n8n.
Currently available operations and resources are:

### Easy Redmine Entities

A list of all available entities in Easy Redmine node.

- Issues
- Leads
- Opportunities

### Easy Redmine Operations

Summary of Easy Redmine operations.

- **Get one** - returns a detailed view of a single entity. The entitiy is specified by its ID.
- **Get many** - returns a list of entities. You should use easy query id to specify the filter.
- **Add comment** - adds a comment to the entity.
- **Update** - updates some fields of the entity.

Commit message:

feat: implement custom fields, adding documentation, changelog.

README.md, after:

# Easy Redmine credentials and node for n8n

This repo contains n8n node for communication with Easy Redmine.

## How to install

### ⚙️ Requirements

To use our community node, you need to have the following requirements:

- n8n 1.54.4 or newer

### 🛠️ Installation in n8n

Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/installation/) to install the Easy Redmine node in n8n.

### 🔑 Setup credentials

You need to set up credentials for the Easy Redmine node.
You can do this by going to the credentials section in n8n and adding a new credential of type "Easy Redmine".

In the newly created credential, you need to fill in domain, and user api key.

The domain should be, for example, `https://instance.easyproject.com`.

To find the API key, go to your Easy Redmine instance, click on your profile in the top right corner.

![Go to profile](images/cred-guide-1.png)


Your profile window will open. Click on the "Edit" button.

![Profile window](images/cred-guide-2.png)

Your profile edit page will open. Scroll down to the Preferences section. Here just copy the API access key.

![Preferences section with API key](images/cred-guide-3.png)

Now, your credentials are ready to use.

## Easy Redmine node

The custom node is created to handle all aspects of Easy Redmine integration with n8n.
Currently available operations and resources are:

### Easy Redmine Entities

A list of all available entities in Easy Redmine node.

- Accounts
- Issues
- Leads
- Opportunities
- Personal contacts
- Users

### Accounts

Account entity is used to manage company contacts. It has identifier `easy_contacts`

**Operations**

- **Get one** - returns a detailed view of a single entity. The entitiy is specified by its ID.
- **Get many** - returns a list of entities. You should use easy query id to specify the filter.
- **Add comment** - adds a comment to the entity.
- **Update** - updates some fields of the entity.
  - Name (known as firstname in entity schema)
  - Custom fields

## Leads

Issues are mostly Redmine issues. The identifier is `issue`.

**Operations**

- **Get one** - returns a detailed view of a single entity. The entitiy is specified by its ID.
- **Get many** - returns a list of entities. You should use easy query id to specify the filter.
- **Add comment** - adds a comment to the entity.
- **Update** - updates some fields of the entity.
  - Subject
  - Description
  - Custom fields
